#### GenAIConversationSummary

Represents a generated summary of a voice or video call. This object is available in API version 60.0 and later.

##### Supported Calls
```
create(), delete(), describeSObjects(), getDeleted(), getUpdated(), query(), retrieve(),
search(), undelete(), update(), upsert()

 Special Access Rules

```
To access this object, Einstein Conversation Insights and Einstein for Sales must be enabled in your org.

##### Fields

```
ConversationRecordId
CurrencyIsoCode

```

**Type**
reference

**Properties**
Create, Filter, Group, Sort

**Description**
The unique ID of the related voice or video call record.

This field is a polymorphic relationship field.

**Relationship Name**
ConversationRecord

**Relationship Type**
Master-detail

**Refers To**
VideoCall, VoiceCall (the master object)

**Type**
picklist

**Properties**
Create, Defaulted on create, Filter, Group, Nillable, Restricted picklist, Sort, Update

**Description**
Available only for organizations with the multicurrency feature enabled. Contains the ISO
code for any currency allowed by the organization.

Possible values are:

**•** `MXN—Mexican Peso`

**•** `USD—U.S. Dollar`

The default value is `USD.`


-----

```
ErrorMessage
Source
Status
Summary

##### Associated Objects

```

**Type**
string

**Properties**
Filter, Group, Nillable, Sort

**Description**
An error message when there is a problem with sharing the conversation summary.

**Type**
picklist

**Properties**
Filter, Group, Nillable, Restricted picklist, Sort

**Description**
Whether the summary shown is content generated by Einstein or subsequently edited by a
user.

Possible values are:

**•** `EINSTEIN_GPT—Einstein`

**•** `USER_EDITED—User Edited`

**Type**
picklist

**Properties**
Filter, Group, Restricted picklist, Sort, Update

**Description**
The status of the summary.

Possible values are:

**•** `ERROR—Error`

**•** `GENERATING—Generating`

**•** `SUCCESS—Success`

**Type**
textarea

**Properties**
Create, Nillable, Update

**Description**
The summary text content.


This object has the following associated objects. If the API version isn’t specified, they’re available in the same API versions as this object.
Otherwise, they’re available in the specified API version and later.


-----

**GenAIConversationSummaryChangeEvent on page 67**
Change events are available for the object.

**GenAIConversationSummaryFeed on page 54**
Feed tracking is available for the object.

**GenAIConversationSummaryHistory on page 62**
History is available for tracked fields of the object.

**GenAIConversationSummaryOwnerSharingRule on page 64**
Sharing rules are available for the object.

**GenAIConversationSummaryShare on page 66**
Sharing is available for the object.
