#### MessagingSessionMetrics

Represents a metric gathered about a specific enhanced messaging session, such as average agent response time. This object is available
starting in October 2024 in API version 62.0 and later.

To reference this object in reports, create a custom report type with Messaging Session as the primary object and Messaging Session
Metrics as the secondary object.

Be sure to include the MessagingSessionMetricType field in your custom report. These records are available only for Messaging
sessions created after October 1, 2024.

##### Supported Calls
```
create(), describeSObjects(), getDeleted(), getUpdated(), query(), retrieve()

 Special Access Rules

```
Multiple MessagingSessionMetrics records are generated when a session ends in an enhanced Messaging channel or Messaging for
In-App and Web channel. These records aren't generated for standard messaging sessions.

##### Fields

```
MessagingSessionId
MessagingSessionMetricType

```

**Type**
reference

**Properties**
Create, Filter, Group, Sort

**Description**
The ID of the related messaging session.

This field is a relationship field.

**Relationship Name**
MessagingSession

**Relationship Type**
Master-detail

**Refers To**
MessagingSession (the master object)

**Type**
picklist

**Properties**
Create, Filter, Group, Restricted picklist, Sort


-----

```
MessagingSessionMetricValue
Name

```

**Description**
The metric that this record captures.

Possible values are:

**•** `AgentMessageCount—The number of messages sent by the agent in the session.`

**•** `AverageAgentResponseTime—The average number of seconds between an`
end user's message and the agent’s response in the session.

**•** `AverageEndUserResponseTime—The average number of seconds between`
an agent or bot’s message and the end user's response in the session.

**•** `EndUserMessageCount—The number of messages sent by the end user in the`
session.

**•** `MaxAgentResponseTime—The longest span of time (in seconds) between an`
end user's message and the agent’s response in the session.

**•** `MaxEndUserResponseTime— The longest span of time (in seconds) between`
an agent or bot’s message and the end user's response in the session.

For each closed messaging session in enhanced Messaging channels and Messaging for
In-App and Web, one MessagingSessionMetrics record is generated per
MessagingSessionMetricType value. This means that six MessagingSessionMetrics records
are generated per session.

**Type**
int

**Properties**
Create, Filter, Group, Sort

**Description**
The value of the measured metric. For example, if the MessagingSessionMetricType is
`EndUserMessageCount, a MessagingSessionMetricValue of` `12` means that the end
user sent 12 messages during the messaging session.

**Type**
string

**Properties**
Autonumber, Defaulted on create, Filter, idLookup, Sort

**Description**
An autogenerated number identifying the MessagingSessionMetrics record.

