### Portability

The Portability resource compiles customer information across objects and fields that you identified when creating a portability policy
in Salesforce Privacy Center. You can locate your customers’ personally identifiable information (PII) across multiple records when using
REST API version 50.0 and later. Data portability satisfies your customers’ right to obtain a copy of their PII that is kept in your organization’s
platform. To meet privacy regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), data portability requests must be fulfilled
within one month of when the request is made.

#### Compile Data for a Portability Request

Aggregate your data subject's personally identifiable information (PII) into one file using the POST method of the Portability resource.
The PII includes data found in the Account, Contact, Individual, Lead, Person, and User objects. You receive a response with a URL to
download the file, a policy file ID, and information on the objects and fields you selected when creating the policy. Use the policy file ID
to execute the Portability resource with the GET method. This resource is available in REST API version 50.0 and later.

To use the Portability resource, you must have the ModifyAllData or PrivacyDataAccess user permission. Ensure that your Salesforce
admin has granted you these permissions.

##### Syntax

**URI**
```
  /services/data/vXX.X/consent/dsr/rtp/execute

```
**Formats**
JSON

**HTTP methods**
POST

**Authentication**
```
  Authorization: Bearer token

```
**Request body**
```
  {
    “dataSubjectId”:”<root ID>”,
    “policyName”:”<policyName>”
  }

```
**Request parameters**

**Parameter** **Description**

`dataSubjectId` The ID of the customer making the request. The ID is 15 or 18 characters long, and
found in the Account, Contact, Individual, Lead, Person, and User objects.

`policyName` The name of an active policy. This contains the object in the dataSubjectId parameter.


-----

##### Example

**Example Request**
```
  curl -X POST
  https://MyDomainName.my.salesforce.com/services/data/v62.0/consent/dsr/rtp/execute -H
  "Authorization: Bearer token" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d
  "@exampleRequestBody.json"

```
**Example Response Body**
```
  {
    “status" : "SUCCESS",
    "warnings" : [ ],
    "result" : {
      "policyFileStatus" : "In Progress",
      "policyFileUrl" :
  "https://MyDomainName.my.salesforce.com/servlet/policyFileDownload?file=0jeS70000004CBO",
      "policyFileId" : "0jeS70000004CBO"
    }
  }

#### Get the Status of Your Portability Request

```
See the status of your Portability POST request by using a Portability GET request. Use the policy file ID from the POST method response
to execute the GET method. This resource is available in REST API version 50.0 and later.

To use the Portability API, you must have the ModifyAllData or PrivacyDataAccess user permission. Ensure that your Salesforce admin
has granted you these permissions.

The response body contains this information:

**Value** **Description**

`policyFileStatus` The status of the file being compiled. Values are: In Progress, Complete, or Failed.

`policyFileURL` The URL to a servlet, where you download the file after it's compiled.

`policyFileID` The ID of the file being compiled, which is returned in the POST method response. The
ID is 15 characters.

Note: Starting with the Spring ‘21 release, Privacy Center automatically deletes files generated by Portability API after 60 days.
You receive a reminder seven days before a file is deleted.

##### Syntax

**URI**
```
  /services/data/vXX.X/consent/dsr/rtp/execute

```
**Formats**
JSON


-----

**HTTP methods**
GET

**Authentication**
```
  Authorization: Bearer token

```
**Request body**
None

**Request parameters**

**Parameter** **Description**

`policyFileId` The ID of the file being compiled, which is returned in the POST method response. The
ID is 15 characters.

##### Example

**Example Request**
```
  curl
  https://MyDomainName.my.salesforce.com/services/data/v62.0/consent/dsr/rtp/execute?policyFileId=0jeS70000004CBO
   -H "Authorization: Bearer token"

```
**Example Response Body**
```
  {
    “status" : "SUCCESS",
    "warnings" : [ ],
    "result" : {
      "policyFileStatus" : "Failed",
      "policyFileUrl" :
  "https://MyDomainName.my.salesforce.com/servlet/policyFileDownload?file=0jeS70000004CBO",
      "policyFileId" : "0jeS70000004CBO"
    }
  }
